this is going to be a quick video
showing what I've been what I've made I
haven't posted a video a while because
I've actually been making a couple of
things I am working on an Iron Man suit
and I have made another cardboard
authors Prime a cardboard Megatron and a
cardboard black tail from residue before
but those videos are for later
I'll make video bottles later the Iron
Man suit I'm not finished it yet but
when it is done I'll make a video about
it anyways so this is my Ezio made of a
pipe cleaner and paper and cardboard and
glue like a lot of my other like all my
other figures the inside of it is pipe
cleaner and it's wrapped with paper all
around when I wrap the paper I use when
I wrap the paper I use white glue for it
and for all the other parts like the
cave hood the blades yeah I used the hot
glue gun for that and I used the dabs of
hot glue to make up his face but the
camera can show it very well which is
unfortunate
I used permanent marker for the coloring
let's seal the cave and the glove and
his hand and the boots are cardboard oh
and the this strap thing it's cardboard
and so was the inside of the face
because before the face was I just use
hot glue on it and it looked creepy it
look like Slenderman or something it was
creepy the base is just a round piece of
cardboard with the assassins logo drawn
on it and him glued on to it although
this is glued to this base the arms well
at least one of them are can still be
articulated it can bend at the elbow but
it's really restricted by the paper I
can turn a bit at the arm but it's
hindered by the hood and that's pretty
much it
the I made the two hidden blades of
course this one's tucked into a sleeve
and this one is visible I did make his
vem brace but I didn't put any details
into it because it would be it's hiding
behind the Cape so you can see it
anyways I made a sword for him this is
the most you can tell but this is the
sort of I'll tie you
you can see the handle is the sword
I'll show you one second there's you you
can see from my neck a toy this is the
at what the actual sword looks like and
this is mine
okay put it back in this sheet and
that's all I hope you enjoyed the video
bye